Approach
In summary, this program uses LinkedHashMap as a major data type to describe sessions. One entry of the map is one session alive, and remained time value is used to know when the session ends by the inactivity period. If the date of read information is same with past read information, elapsed time is not changed until the date information is different with past information. If the date is not same with past date information, it means time is elapsed and the program has to discover the changed status of session in a map. In that case, time is increased by adding one second until date is reached to the recently read date information. During the increasing time, this program finds sessions reached to the inactivity period (remained time value is zero) and deletes the session in a map. After that, this program writes down the session information on the output file because the session in ended. Otherwise, this program decreases the remained time value of each session. Finally, when the line reaches the end, this program just writes down all alive sessions by iterating the map. The map is a LinkedHasMap, so the order of input data is maintained.
To be more specific, at the first time, this program identifies header information and finds locations of target information (ip, date, time, cik, accession, extension) to analyze data line by line. After that, by the discovered index of the target information, this program saves data as a string array. To make it simple, this program combines 6 data into 3 data (ip, date, unique web page Id) on a string array. Also, this program uses LinkedHashMap as a data type to save sessions in order input. keys are string type IP values, and values are Nodes which is an expression of a session. A node contains the session start date, the remained time to be ended because of an inactivity period, the count of web page requested during the session, the duration of the session, and input data. Therefore, when this program read a line, this program analyzes the ip address, date, and web page id, and then, this program finds the ip address in a map, and if the ip exists in a map, updates duration of the session by adding gaps between recent access time and current access time and updates the number of access during the session. If the ip doesn't exist, put the ip and data such as the session start date, the number of web accessed as one, and the duration time as one second. In one word, one entry of the map describes one alive session, and if the specific ip already has an alive session, this program resets the session's remained time as an inactivity period and updates the duration of the session, and if the specific ip doesn't have an alive session yet, this program makes a new session for the ip. Time is elapsed when new future date is discovered, so during the time is elapsing, the remained time of sessions changes and when the remained time reaches zero, the session is eliminated from the map and the session information is written to output file. After all the line is processed, this program writes all sessions information in the map to the output file by iterating (the map is LinkedHashMap, so it maintains order of the line input).

Dependencies
Standard Java 7 and Java 8 Libraries

Run Instruction
./run.sh